Build improvements (#122)
ba-st/Stargate: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> There's several ways to contribute to the project: reporting bugs, sending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to contribute to the project: reporting bugs, sending
```
